Remove obsolete sentence (#34)
ChainAgnostic/CASA: README.md

## **Join CASA**

Submit a Pull Request to this repository adding yourself as a member in the table above.

> Once a maintainer has confirmed you have completed this step, they will merge your PR and send you a welcome email containing your invitations to the **CASA Call Calendar** and **Discord**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a maintainer has confirmed you have completed this step, they will merge your PR.  We recommend checking that your GH email is up-to-date and "Watching" all issues and pull requests in the /CASA/  repo, as well as /namespaces/ and/or /CAIPs/ to stay up-to-date.
```

Author: The Gatherings are in the Gatherings repo - maybe we should ask to watch this one (also)?

> Once a maintainer has confirmed you have completed this step, they will merge your PR.  We recommend checking that your GH email is up-to-date and "Watching" all issues and pull requests in the /CASA/  repo, as well as /namespaces/ and/or /CAIPs/ to stay up-to-date on editorial and in-person meetings.

Author: ```suggestion
Once a maintainer has confirmed you have completed this step, they will merge your PR.  We recommend checking that your Github email is up-to-date and you are "Watching" these repos:
 *  [Gatherings](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/Gatherings) to stay up to date with in person gatherings
 * [CASA](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CASA)  to stay up to date with the organisation and scheduled calls
  * [CAIPs](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs)
  * [namespaces](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces)

```
